Draft: why solid and installing solid outlines (#2)
solidjs/solid-docs-next: src/routes/learn/getting-started-with-solid/building-ui-with-components.mdx

<title>Building User Interfaces with Components</title>

## What are components?

> Components are functions that define how your application will look. Each component generally represents a small part of your application's entire user interface. Splitting your application into components has many advantages: components are small, reusable, easily-tested, and enable different team members to work on different parts of the application without stepping on each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components are functions that describe how your application will look. Each component generally represents a small part of your application's user interface. Splitting your application into components has many advantages: components are small, reusable, and easily testable. They allow different team members to work on different parts of the application without stepping on each other's toes.
```

Reviewer: Just trying to have smaller and simpler sentences in general. More non-techy terms `describe` instead of `define`. Not entirely sure the best approach but as a reader its always easier to read.

}
```

There are a couple of things to note in our first component:

- Our component name, `HelloWorld`, is title-cased (sometimes referred to as _Pascal_ case). This is intentional and we'll discuss this convention shorty.
- Our component returns something that looks a lot like HTML, but isn't&mdash;it's _JSX_. We'll devote the whole next section to talking about JSX.

## What is JSX?

As we learned above, Solid components return JSX. JSX is an HTML-like syntax that you can use in you Solid JavaScript code to represent part of the document object model (DOM). In our `HelloWorld` example above, we returned the following JSX from our component:

```jsx
<div>Hello World!</div>
```

This JSX represents a `div` element with the text `Hello World!` inside it. In this case, our JSX looks exactly how it would look if you wrote it directly in an HTML document! Let's do something a bit more interesting and set some styles on this `div`:

```jsx
<div style="background-color: #2c4f7c; color: #FFF;">Hello world!</div>
```

This will render a div with a blue background color and white text:

<div style="background-color: #2c4f7c; color: #FFF;">Hello world!</div>

> This syntax is alreadt a big win: trying to create a styled div using JavaScript _without_ JSX would be much more _imperative_ and far less readable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This syntax is already a big win: trying to create a styled div using JavaScript _without_ JSX would be much more _imperative_ and far less readable:
```

> <title>Building User Interfaces with Components</title>

Reviewer: Yeah definitely Ill try to take out time for this:
* On voice, I know that `our` and `we` (not sure what this voice is called) is common, but I think when we are able to write with `you` and `your` in terms of the user, the tutorial becomes more powerful in terms of voice.

> <title>Building User Interfaces with Components</title>

Reviewer: We haven't spoken about composition here sufficiently I think and that's one of the core advantages of components. With composition, we can also show reuse. Also JSX's power is also shown when mixing native and User components.

> <title>Building User Interfaces with Components</title>

Reviewer: https://beta.reactjs.org/learn/thinking-in-react
https://beta.reactjs.org/learn/your-first-component
These might be good reads for some inspiration too especially for the composition stuff, sorry I'm not great with writing copy suggestions myself, so I can pass on references I liked.

> <title>Building User Interfaces with Components</title>

Author: @nksaraf fair point on composition: maybe a new subsection specifically explaining composition and its benefits.
